RHIDP-12606: Implement Localization changes for RHDH (#2106)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-override-translations.adoc

  locales: # List of supported locales. Must include `en`, otherwise the translation framework will fail to load.
    - en
    - fr
    - de
    - it
    - ja
    - es
  defaultLocale: en # Optional. Defaults to `en` if not specified.
  overrides: # List of JSON translation files applied in order (last file wins).  Each file may override/add translations for one or more plugins/locales
    - /opt/app-root/src/translations/all-translations.json
----

.Additional resources

> * xref:floating-action-button-localization-support_{context}[Enabling floating button localization in {product-short}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:floating-action-button-localization-support_configure-a-floating-action-button-in-rhdh[Enabling floating button localization in {product-short}]
```
